# Write a blog about CodeClause Internship

I applied to CodeClause for the content writer position. Many of my college seniors have interned at the company and so I was curious to try it out. I have always had a knack for creative writing, and so I found the content writing domain to be best suited for my debut. I was quite excited to become a part of this innovative company. 

By the end of January, I received my offer letter stating my acceptance and that my internship will begin from 1st February, 2023. By 3rd February, I had received the tasks allotted to me. My internship duration was a month. Throughout my internship period, I had a great time brainstorming and researching for my projects. For quite some time I had not got a chance to work on my writing skills, but this internship aroused a sense of dedication towards my skills and I got motivated to work harder. 

My first project was to write a marketing copy for CodeClause. The best helping hand for this task was the company website and the testimonials. I checked the LinkedIn posts of people who have worked at CodeClause to understand the requirements of the company, types of projects, domains of work, etc. I compiled all my findings into an article promoting the company. 

During the internship, CodeClause arranged a five-day android development bootcamp for us. I was quite thrilled about this bootcamp, as I wanted to get started with android to help my friends in our project idea which involved app development. The instructor was Mr. Ajinkya Bahirat sir, a software engineer at Jio. Sir taught us app development in Java right from the basics. He was very elaborate during explanations and cleared every single doubt. The bootcamp was most beneficial for me as I learnt to use Android Studio, java coding for android, firebase integration, UI designing and a lot more. 

My second project was to write a blog on the trending technologies for mobile application development. My knowledge from the bootcamp was also implemented here. I dived deep into the various means of developing apps for both iOS and android. I researched on the different languages used for writing apps like Kotlin, Flutter, and React Native. It helped me strengthen my foundation of application development, and will definitely be useful to anyone who is confused about choosing the right path for them.

Overall, my experience at CodeClause was exceedingly valuable and lucrative. I updated my writing skills and learnt new technologies. All doubts during my internship were also cleared by the company representative in a respectful manner. I have suggested this company to many of my friends and also hope to work in a different domain in the future. I would like to thank CodeClause for giving me this wonderful opportunity and platform. 
